I'd like to return to something I saw a while back,
which is that the top pixels of the image
mostly capture sky and trees and hills
and other elements that might be more distracting for the model
than helpful.
It looks like this is about 70 rows of pixels.
I also notice that the bottom 25 pixels largely
consist of the hood of the car.
I'm going to crop out those portions of the images.
Just like with the Lambda layer, I'm
going to use a built-in Keras layer to perform
the cropping inside of the model.
In this case I'll use the Cropping 2D
layer to remove the top 70 pixels and the bottom 25
pixels.
Training looks good.
Let's run it.
All right.
That's an improvement.
The model is driving all the way around the first curve.
It's starting to look like maybe I can get the car all
the way around the track.